h1. Nimbl Scrum Tool

h2. Dependencies

Before generating your application, you will need:

* The Ruby language (version 1.9.3)
* Rails 3.2

Be sure to see "Installing Rails 3.2":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html for detailed instructions and advice.

h2. Getting Started

h4. About Required Gems

The application uses the following gems:

* "rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rails
* "rspec-rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rspec-rails
* "database_cleaner":http://rubygems.org/gems/database_cleaner
* "factory_girl_rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/factory_girl_rails
* "cucumber-rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/cucumber-rails
* "capybara":http://rubygems.org/gems/capybara
* "devise":http://rubygems.org/gems/devise
* "cancan":http://rubygems.org/gems/cancan
* "rolify":http://rubygems.org/gems/rolify
* "bootstrap-sass":http://rubygems.org/gems/bootstrap-sass

See "Example Gemfiles for Rails 3.2":http://railsapps.github.com/rails-3-2-example-gemfile.html.

h4. Install the Required Gems

Install the required gems on your computer:

@$ bundle install@

You can check which gems are installed on your computer with:

@$ gem list --local@

Keep in mind that you have installed these gems locally. When you deploy the app to another server, the same gems (and versions) must be available.

h2. Create a Default User

h4. Set Up a Database Seed File

You'll want to set up a default user so you can easily log in to test the app. You can modify the file *db/seeds.rb* for your own name, email and password:

<pre>
puts 'SETTING UP DEFAULT USER LOGIN'
user = User.create! :name => 'First User', :email => 'user@example.com', :password => 'please', :password_confirmation => 'please'
puts 'New user created: ' << user.name
user2 = User.create! :name => 'Second User', :email => 'user2@example.com', :password => 'please', :password_confirmation => 'please'
puts 'New user created: ' << user2.name
user.add_role :admin
</pre>

Use the defaults or change the values for name, email, and password as you wish.

If you've generated the application with the option to install the Devise @:confirmable@ module, there will be an extra attribute @confirmed_at => Time.now@ for creation of a user.

h4. Set the Database

Prepare the database and add the default user to the database by running the commands:

<pre>
$ bundle exec rake db:migrate
$ bundle exec rake db:seed
</pre>

Set the database for running tests:

<pre>
$ bundle exec rake db:test:prepare
</pre>

h2. License

h4. Public Domain Dedication

This work is a compilation and derivation from other previously released works. With the exception of various included works, which may be restricted by other licenses, the author or authors of this code dedicate any and all copyright interest in this code to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this code under copyright law.

